# Sol City

**Sol City** is the final projet of the third pathway of the fourth module of the [Android Basics with Compose](https://developer.android.com/codelabs/basic-android-kotlin-compose-my-city?continue=https%3A%2F%2Fdeveloper.android.com%2Fcourses%2Fpathways%2Fandroid-basics-compose-unit-4-pathway-3%3Fhl%3Dfr%23codelab-https%3A%2F%2Fdeveloper.android.com%2Fcodelabs%2Fbasic-android-kotlin-compose-my-city#0) course.
It's build entirely with Kotlin and Jetpack Compose and tries to follow the Android [design](https://m3.material.io/) and development best pratices

# Features

Users can navigate between few tabs to discover mutiple places of Sol - which is a fictional city. 

## Screenshots

//TODO

## Constraints

Some constraints are explicitly formulated in the subject, [Create a My City app](https://developer.android.com/codelabs/basic-android-kotlin-compose-my-city?continue=https%3A%2F%2Fdeveloper.android.com%2Fcourses%2Fpathways%2Fandroid-basics-compose-unit-4-pathway-3%3Fhl%3Dfr%23codelab-https%3A%2F%2Fdeveloper.android.com%2Fcodelabs%2Fbasic-android-kotlin-compose-my-city#1), which are the following :
<ul>
    <li>Contain multiple screens; for example, each screen can display a different category of recommendations.</li>
    <li>Use the Jetpack Navigation component to enable users to navigate through your app.</li>
    <li>Maintain a clear distinction between the UI layer and the data layer.</li>
    <li>Use a ViewModel and make updates to the UI from the view model using the unidirectional data flow (UDF) pattern.</li>
    <li>Use adaptive layouts that account for all different screen sizes.</li>
    <li>
        Follow Material Design guidelines for <a href='https://m3.material.io/foundations/adaptive-design/overview'>adaptive design</a> and <a href='https://material.io/design/navigation/understanding-navigation.html'>navigation</a>.
    </li>
</ul>
 
# Choices Explanation

## Color Themes

Color Theme has been generated by [Material Theme Builder](https://material-foundation.github.io/material-theme-builder/). The hexadecimal value of the primary color is `#007073`.
Dynamic color option is disabled.

## Fonts

//TODO

## Navigation 

//TODO => Using the Jetpack Navigation component (where ?)
//TODO "Select your city" as home screen => even if just one, to add screens to Navigation

# Adaptive Layouts

## Compact

### City Home Screen

// TODO : Default Order by what ? Why ? Back button (return select city) ?
Drawer or Rail and why not button?
FILTER/ORDER BY button ?
Card of pic, name, type and score Because ["Cards should be easy to scan for relevant and actionable information."](https://m3.material.io/components/cards/guidelines).
//TODO

### Place Details Screen

The score is shown with stars icons, making it ["an informative punch into a small form factor"](https://m3.material.io/styles/icons/designing-icons).
First approach there was to display the number of stars corresponding to the score. But even if we might think it's obviously a mark out of five, it might not be.
The solution was to display five stars on a `primary container color`, which are filled with the `onPrimary container color`, depending on the score value.

The place description is very long to practice scrollable items. For a real world implementation, it would have been limited.

Contact information are at the end of the page because in a real-world implementation, it would have fit on the page, making it easy to find.
Actually, the contact icon is an envelope no matter the type of contact it is, but it should depend on the media. This card should be clickable to open
the appropriate application. Both of these elements will be implemented later.

## Medium

//TODO

## Extended

//TODO

## View Model

# Testing

//TODO

# Pictures

//TODO Pictures rights (legal aspect)

The drawable [waiting_for_place_image](https://github.com/CorentinSol/Sol-City/blob/main/app/src/main/res/drawable/waiting_for_place_image.JPG) is property of Corentin Solignac. No copy allowed. 

# Comment about places information

None of the place used in this application is meant to be an existing one, and every contact information (phonenumbers, emails and @) are fictive. Let me know if any of these information causes any problem to change them.
